docs: Add Dynamic signer (#594)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/signers/dynamic.mdx

import { Tabs, Steps, Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Dynamic Signer

In this guide, you will learn how to create a [Dynamic](https://dynamic.xyz) signer that can be added as a Safe owner and used to initialize any of the kits from the Safe\{Core\} SDK.

Check out the [Safe Signers demo app](https://github.com/5afe/safe-signers) on GitHub to follow along this guide with the completed code.

> Note that this guide will focus on supporting `Ethereum`/`EVM` wallets. Simply enable, import and add [more connectors](https://docs.dynamic.xyz/chains/enabling-chains#enabling-a-chain-network) as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this guide will focus on supporting Ethereum and EVM-compatible wallets. You can enable, import and add [more connectors](https://docs.dynamic.xyz/chains/enabling-chains#enabling-a-chain-network) as needed.
```

## Prerequisites

> - A [Dynamic account](https://app.dynamic.xyz) and an Environment ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Dynamic account](https://app.dynamic.xyz) and an environment ID.
```

## Install dependencies

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

<Tabs items={['npm', 'yarn', 'pnpm']}>
  <Tabs.Tab>
    ```bash
    npm install @dynamic-labs/sdk-react-core @dynamic-labs/ethereum
    ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
    ```bash
    yarn add @dynamic-labs/sdk-react-core @dynamic-labs/ethereum
    ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
    ```bash
    pnpm add @dynamic-labs/sdk-react-core @dynamic-labs/ethereum
    ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>

{/* <!-- vale on --> */}

## Steps

<Steps>

  ### Imports

  Here are the necessary imports for this guide.

  {/* <!-- vale off --> */}

  ```typescript
  import { DynamicContextProvider, useDynamicContext, useIsLoggedIn } from '@dynamic-labs/sdk-react-core'
  import { EthereumWalletConnectors, isEthereumWallet } from '@dynamic-labs/ethereum'
  ```

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}

> 

Author: Thanks, fixed

  
  ```typescript
  const { primaryWallet } = useDynamicContext()
  const isLoggedIn = useIsLoggedIn()
  ```

  ### Login

  In the App component, add [the DynamicWidget component](https://docs.dynamic.xyz/sdks/react-sdk/components/dynamicwidget) that will handle all the login and authentication logic for you in a best in class UI.

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

  ```typescript
  import { DynamicWidget } from '@dynamic-labs/sdk-react-core'

  const App = () => {
    return (
      <>
        // your other content here
        <DynamicWidget />
      </>
    )
  }
  ```

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}

  ### Get the provider and signer

  Once the user is logged in through the DynamicWidget, you can get the `provider` and `signerAddress`, which is the externally owned account of the user that was derived from its credentials.
  
  To do that there is a `useEffect()` that executes when any of the `isLoggedIn` and `primaryWallet` variables have their values updated. Once they are all true, you have access to the user's connected signer. Note that we are also checking that the wallet is an Ethereum wallet using the `isEthereumWallet()` function.

{/* <!-- vale off --> */}

>   <Tabs items={['viem']}>

Reviewer 2: If `viem` is not used, the `Tabs` (including the import) should be removed.

Author: Done

    <Tabs.Tab>
      You can instantiate the provider using `viem` and the following imports:

      ```typescript
      useEffect(() => {
        const init = async () => {
          if (isLoggedIn && primaryWallet && isEthereumWallet(primaryWallet)) {
            const provider = await primaryWallet.getWalletClient()

>             const signerAddress = primaryWallet.address

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            const signer = primaryWallet.address
```

          }
        }
        init()
      }, [isLoggedIn, primaryWallet])
      ```
    </Tabs.Tab>
  </Tabs>

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}
  
  With the `provider` and `signerAddress` you are ready to instantiate any of the kits from the Safe\{Core\} SDK and set up or use this signer as a Safe owner.

</Steps>

## Recap and further reading

> After following this guide, you are able to create a Safe signer using Dynamic and get the `provider` and `signerAddress` required to initialize the kits from the Safe\{Core\} SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After following this guide, you are able to create a Safe signer using Dynamic and get the `provider` and `signer` required to initialize the kits from the Safe\{Core\} SDK.
```
